>> Kyle Simpson: A takeaway, or
a way to summarize, how to avoid these
corner cases with the double equals.
These are a set of guidelines
that I think you can use.
You can use double equals, but
avoid it in these particular scenarios.
Number one, avoid the double equals
when either side of them can be a 0, or
an empty string, or even one of those
strings with only whitespace in it.
Don't use double equals in those cases.
There's just a lot of corner cases
that you might get bitten by.
Some people say well, I can't, no.
Okay, but is there anyway for
you to restructure your codes so you can?
Cuz I think that's better.
It's at least a better code, regardless
of whether you like double equal or not.
But let's say you can't.
Well, then another check
that you should ask or
to avoid the double equals,
>> Kyle Simpson: Don't use it with
non-primitives.
I don't even use it with
the identity comparison on them,
even though I know it works.
But just to be super safe,
I don't use it with primitives at all.
So if I was really trying to check is
this reference to the array the same as
this reference to the array,
I'm not gonna use the double equals.
Even though it would work in
that one specific center,
it's close enough to the edge
that it's not worth it.
That's my takeaway, or
my preference, okay?
So don't use the double equals when
they're non-primitives, only use it for
coercion among the primitives.
And definitely don't use double equals
to true or double equals to false.
Essentially, just allow
the ToBoolean to happen,
which is the better outcome anyway.
Or if you really can't allow that,
if it really has to exactly true or
exactly false, which sometimes it does,
then use triple equals.
This is a relatively short list.
And I would make the case that any
developer that cared to learn about
these systems could learn this list and
effectively do so,
effectively communicate in their code
that they're avoiding these problems.